
Question 1:

  When I think of open source I think of development that allows anyone to work on it as long as they work within the bounds of the license that accompanies the project. I think of the projects commonly being hosted on git hub and I usually think of two very popular open source projects Ubuntu and Firefox. Open source to me is different from closed source because anyone can have easy access to the code and read and see exactly what their computer is doing when running the code and exactly what the code they are about to run is. This is supposed to help people from fearing that code that is running on their computer is doing something that they do not want it to do without telling the user. Open source projects also allow anyone to work on them although not all changes will be accepted. Close development only allows the people on the development team to access and change the code. Some problems with open source are how do you manage all the submits that you do not want to use if you are getting lots of them a day. Also it possess a much bigger risk of your software being stolen and used in ways that your license does not permit it to be.
  
  
  
Question 2:

Ubuntu:
  Although I have never personally used this operating system it was the first open source project I was ever exposed to or saw. My younger brother was a big fan of open source and the operating system so he used to run it on his computer so I was able to see how it worked. Some alternatives to it are of course Mac OSX and Windows.
  
FireFox:
  This was the first open source application I ever used. I used it growing up as a kid however I no longer do as now I primarily use google chrome. FireFox is an internet browser and some alternatives are google chrome or Internet explorer.
  
Magento:
  I worked a bit with this software over this last summer at my internship. I had to look into companies using magento and see how their integrations worked to make sure that our software would work with the company. Some alternatives to this are Oracles platform and amazon's.
 
Mozilla Thunderbird:
  As a child I used this for my email. I have not used it in years but it was a popular open source email provider. I now use gmail as most people do. Some alternatives are gmail, and yahoo mail.
  
  
Question 3:
  
  What motivated you to want to work for an open source devolpment company?
  Do you prefer open source development to closed?
