For Danna I would like to ask her:
1. Do you think google should be working on more open source projects or does it not work with the companies buisness model?
2. As a women working for a big tech company do you think that women are treated well in these companies?
3. Do you enjoy working for a bigger company or would you rather work for a company with a smaller goal and more focused set of tasks?

Our group has made progress on deciding exactly what our goal will be with this project which is to write a plugin for the application.
We have also been brainstorming as to what is the best plugin to make that will both be interesting to make and possible to finish in the
time that we have. Yes I have been able to actively participate and I look forward to getting my hands on the code in the coming weeks
to help make our plugin. 

I did not go to any open source events this week as I have already been to 2.

This week I made 5 contributions to open mapper. This was a postive experience as it was an interesting non codebased way to do some open
source contributions!

This next week I am planning on doing my wikipedia contributions!



Contributions this week:

This week I have made 5 changes to OpenStreetMap the numbers for those changes were: 57749704, 57751724, 57751775, 57751813, and 57751989

Progress thus far:

Wikipedia Contributions: 1 (edit on an already created page)
Class Site Contributions: 3 issues raised, 1 pull request, 1 comment
Other Contributions:
OpenStreetMap: 5 additions
Total counting towards the 20 by the end of the semester: 9
