
Part 1: Difference Between Cathedral and Bazaar Model
  
  The Cathedral model for software development is the more common strategy for devoloping software in the industry. This is where a company like apple creates the Iphone or Itunes within the company without telling the public what they are making or asking the public what they think of the software. Then they announce it to the World and release it and the world gets to see it in all its glory but they never see what it looked like before it was perfected. This means that you have this beautiful "Cathedral" that looks really good and usually works well but sometimes is not what peoplea actually wanted because the company never asked their users what they wanted along the way.
  The Bazaar Model is where you come up with the MVP (minimual viable product) and then release that to a small group of beta testers. These testers use the product hack the product as they have access to the code and make it better themselves and figure out what features they would like to have added. You as the lead programer or company make those changes fix the bug that the users discover or implement the fixes they came up.This model allows not only the person developing it to figure out where the product should be going but also all the users who are using it every day. This can lead to some really interesting insights where the users take the product a direction that was not initially intended but is great in the end.
  
  I prefer the Bazaar Model as a user and as a devolper. In the end what you are making is built for your users and if you can get it in their hands earlier and find out what they really want then you will come out with a better product for those users. I see this most commonly in video games that usually hide thier devolpment and then the game realeases and all the players are like why didnt they do this or that which would have fixed the game so if the company followed the Bazaar model the game would have been much better.
  
  
Part 2: 

Lesson 6: Treating your users as co-developers is your least-hassle route to rapid code improvement and efective debugging.
  This lesson is fairly simple but I think it is the reason why the Bazaar model is so effective. It is stating that passing off your code frequently to your users and allowing them to have access to your code and make changes to it to improve it for thier own expeirience is the best way to improve your code and debug it. This is true because a group of users will discover bugs much faster then you will as one person using the code. Even if they can't fix the bugs they will at least inform you as to where the bugs are!
 
Lesson 8 : Given a large enough beta-tester and co-developer base, almost every problem will be characterized quickly and the fix obvious to someone. 
  This lesson is also very simple but also a super important life lesson and great lesson for effective code development. A bug might be complicated for someone but to someone else it is very simple and an easy fix. So if you release your code to your users and allow them to try and fix the bugs although one might be stuck or you might be stuck the others might be able to fix it super quickly. It is basically the age all saying that two minds are better then one. And this thought is a massive reason as to why open source development is so effective and time saving for the head devoloper.
