 
Blog posts for this week:

report on the rescheduled open data week events, if you attended any

a reflection on the invited talk: what do you think about the Google's approach to open source

report on team project progress - concentrating on your own contributions to the team

Visit the code of conduct document for the Go project. Read the document and explain the benefits of having such a document for a project.
Do you think other projects would benefit from having such document? Does the project that your team is working on have a code of conduct 
document. If so, post the link to it.

You should also update your "contributions" table with any new contributions (do not include the team work in there).


1: Did not attend any open data week events this week as I had already done both of mine.

2: The talk was super interesting as I did not know that google even had any open source projects. I also read about google's open source 
  projects before so that I was informed going into the talk and found the way they have used open source as a way to get people to use
  their tech to benifit them super interesting as a buisness strategy. I am refrencing here the way they have used android as an open 
  source os for phones to get people to use it. This is interesting but doesnt really help push what open source stands for forward.
  
3: This week we decided exactly what our project will be which is working on a extension for brackets.I have started working on the code
  that loads up the application and will be the way the application is launched.
  
4: I think having a code of conduct is a good thing for an open source project, because it allows them to establish firm rules on how their
  forums and bug reporting will work and allows them to enforce them and remove peopele from their project based on these rules.
  
5: I have updated my contributions.md page with my contirbuitons from this week. This week I made 4 edits to 4 different wikipedia pages.
